Many times the teaching said, "Oh, I heard that term from other teachers and they said that."
Because many times what I heard is to do with samayas and this small connection.
Very generally the teacher and the student have in the Dharma, they have really strong connections.
This connection is not just samsara connection, but this connection or this relationship.
This relationship is spiritual, dharma. Dharma is not just for a short time, for a few hours or a
few months in the year.
When you connect with that, really you are connected to all the way to the more like me, like with
that opposite.
From now on, when you are particular, that is generally there. But particularly in the Vedayana
teaching, when you enter the medallā as together, and share the same medallā,
same samaya, same substances and same video, same goal, and that is unity.
That you are holding some of the beautiful sphere of unity of the divine medallā.
When you see the samaya conduct of that, that means you are doing that medallā.
You are making some shaking of that medallā, and you are putting strings on that divine medallā.
Therefore, in the teaching, it affects the definition of the teacher, because the teacher is
playing the principal role of that medallā and that connection.
And then if you read the text, I think not even. The words of my perfect teacher, those many great
masters who can do so many great things.
But when the samaya related things happened, it really almost like pulled down there from the sky
to the ground.
That making for those reasons they send the song, "I have no any obstacles or opponents except the
samaya broadcast."
So in that case, of course, it affected the teacher, and then also definitely it affected strongly
those individualism.
For those restores, that is really important. Of course, we have missed this many times.
This is our duality, and our habitual patterns happen.
But once we recognize that, once we see this, then try to cleanse and purify that with medicinal
practices.
All meditation, zōki meditation is always in the teaching.
You say, "How important?" If you purify those things, then you clean.
If you keep that, even if you don't do that, then it becomes more of a stain.
And then when it becomes more of a stain, then it is difficult.
Even the highest, the strongest detergent is having difficulty to take out the stain.
And that is how this, if we keep long time, then the teaching says it is not good. It says, "Long
scar."
Scar is not good for the individual. So, that's it.